Can Miki Save the Kingdom?
Miki’s World, an exciting mobile Java game series developed by Sumea is 
being delivered exclusively through Nokia.

/Helsinki, Finland – 8th of April 2003. The second episode of Miki’s 
World game series called The Storm Master is now available for mobile 
game enthusiasts from Nokia Shop on the web in Finland and soon across 
the Europe. The episode follows the trails of the first instalment, The 
Lost Tiara, that has been downloadable to mobile phones free of charge 
from the WAP-site of Nokia Software Market./

Miki’s World is an action game series that tells the story of Miki, a 
little boy who is trying to save the fantasy kingdom up in the clouds. 
The princess of the kingdom dropped her jewel tiara and Miki’s trying to 
return it to its rightful owner. Unfortunately the falling tiara has hit 
and infuriated the Storm Master, who makes the Miki’s job all more 
difficult.

- Miki’s World is a great example of the enormous potential that lies in 
mobile entertainment. The game takes full advantage of the most advanced 
features in our Java-enabled mobile phones, including vibration effects, 
polyphonic sound and the colour displays. The detail and flow of the 
game is simply amazing, says Kym Seligman, Senior Manager, Publishing 
and Content Management, Nokia Mobile Phones.

The game series has been optimised for the Nokia 3410, 3510i, 3650, 
6100, 6610, 7210 and 7650 mobile phone models. The second episode is now 
available from Nokia’s web store in Finland and soon also from other 
Nokia Shops on the web across the Europe. At this point all signs 
indicate that Miki’s journey if far from over…

- Nokia has always supported us and we honestly hope that this game will 
gather more interest towards mobile Java-gaming - one of the most 
promising additions in the mobile service offering. I’m sure that the 
quality of the game and the continuum provided by the large number of 
game episodes will appeal to many", believes Ilkka Paananen, CEO of Sumea.

Helsinki-based Sumea is a award-winning mobile game developer, a runner 
up in Nokia’s Series 60 Challenge and an active member of Forum Nokia, 
the company’s on-line community for independent developers of mobile 
applications.

More information and pictures: Ilkka Paananen, CEO, tel + 358 40 594 
8173, ilkka@sumea.com <mailto:ilkka@sumea.com>

* **Sumea – http://www.sumea.com/*

Sumea is a award-winning Finnish game development company that has 
specialised in Java-technology since it was founded in 1999. Sumea 
focuses on creating high quality, innovative and technically superior 
games for Java-enabled mobile phones. Today, Sumea's Java games are 
available through several channels all over the world, including O2 
(UK), AT&T (USA), WIND (Italy), CSL (Hong Kong), Sunday (Hong Kong), 
Singtel (Singapore), Sonera (Finland) and Orange (Denmark).

-- 
______________________
Janne Saarinen
JS Communications & PR
tel: +358 50 587 7374
jansaar@kolumbus.fi
