Helsinki, Finland 02-05-2003 Press Release

Orange Denmark chose Sumea's Java games

Finnish mobile entertainment powerhouse Sumea now has four mobile Java 
games available through Orange Denmark (DK). The games are Racing Fever, 
Zoy's Rescue, Staqqer and Amoebas.

Orange is yet another impressive addition to Sumea's customer base. 
Orange DK wanted to test the Danish mobile telephone market with quality 
Java applications and Sumea matched their high expectations. People at 
Orange DK were very much aware that the customer's first encounter with 
a new technology must be a positive one.

"From day one we were thrilled by the quality of the games Sumea 
provided. The design was of a very high quality, user-friendly, and the 
games themselves very intuitive to play", says Product Manager Tomas 
Volf from Orange DK.

At present, the deal consists of four distinct games. Racing Fever is a 
street racing game and is so far the most popular game in Sumea's 
product portfolio. There is also a lot of action in Zoy's Rescue Mission 
- an adventure game where one must save the juniors that have 
crash-landed on Iceplanet. Staqqer and Amoabas are aimed at those who 
look for more intellectually stimulating recreational activities. Both 
games are unique brainteasers and are reminiscent of old PC favourites 
like Tetris.

The market is now stuffed with mobile Java Games, but only a handful of 
applications stand out in the crowd. In this kind of environment, 
Sumea's dedication to create quality entertainment has been well 
received. Like most of Sumea's customers, Orange is looking forward to 
add more of Sumea's games to its service offering.

"For Sumea the past few months have been hectic. It's been great to see 
that our global customers seem to share the same values that we have for 
mobile games. In the future we aim to foster our position as a company 
that sets the (industry) standards", promises Ilkka Paananen, CEO of Sumea.

More information and pictures: Ilkka Paananen, CEO, tel + 358 40 594 
8173, ilkka@sumea.com

Sumea

Sumea is a Finnish game development company that has specialized in 
Java-technology since it was founded in 1999. Sumea focuses on creating 
high quality, innovative and technically superior games for Java-enabled 
mobile phones. Today, Sumea's Java games are available through several 
channels all over the world, including O2 (UK), AT&T (USA), WIND 
(Italy), CSL (Hong Kong), Sunday (Hong Kong), Singtel (Singapore), 
Sonera (Finland) and Sonofon (Denmark). The company is privately owned 
by its employees and non-executive partners.
http://www.sumea.com/

Orange

Orange and wirefree are trademarks of Orange PCS. The Orange group is 
one of the world's largest mobile communications companies, with over 40 
million customers in 21 countries across Europe and beyond. It provides 
a broad range of personal communications services, including Orange 
GSM1800 services and other digital cellular telephone services. The 
Orange brand operates in the UK, France, Switzerland, Romania, Denmark, 
Sweden, Slovakia, Thailand, the Ivory Coast, the Dominican Republic and 
the Cameroon. The Orange group also has controlled operations in Belgium 
(Mobistar), the Netherlands (Dutchtone), Botswana (Vista Cellular) and 
Madagascar (SMM) and intends to launch Orange UMTS operations in 
Luxembourg. The Orange group has a joint controlling interest in Egypt 
(MobiNil) and minority interests in Italy (Wind), Portugal (Optimus), 
Austria (Connect Austria) and Mumbai/India (BPL Mobile). As at the end 
of June 2002, Orange was the largest mobile operator in both the UK with 
over 12.8 million active customers, and France with over 18.6 million 
customers. Information about Orange can be found on the Orange website 
at www.orange.com and www.orange.dk. Orange A/S is owned by the Orange 
Group (66%), by the Ministry of Finance (10,2%), and by an investment 
group formed by GE Capital Structure Finance Group of the US (SFG), PAI 
(Paribas Affaires Industrielles), PART'COM (Groupe Caisse des Dépôts), 
Capital Communications CDPQ and MEDIATEL CAPITAL (23,8%).
http://www.orange.com/ and http://www.orange.dk/

-- 
________________________
JS Communications and PR
tel. +358 50 587 7374
jansaar@kolumbus.fi
